Question: How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help
		you see the bug that was introduced?

It certainly made it much easier, with large files it would be pretty
much impossible without some sort of tool.

Still it's necessary to spot the exact difference, which could be a
challenge if the change is difficult to spot.

Question: How could having easy access to the entire history of a file
		make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

It would make it easier to roll-back changes to a file if something
went wrong. It would also mean that you don't have to remember when to 
save a new version.

Question: What do you you think are the pros and cons of manually 
		choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having 
		versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

Chosing when to save means that you have intelligent committ points
which mean something and which should work. On the other hand you might 
lose work if you fail to do a commit. Also if you fix then break 
something you can't roll back to the middle point when it was working.

Question: Why do you think some version control systems, like Git,
		allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file seperately?

In coding multiple changes across files are required in concert to
get the right result, so it makes sense to track all of the changes in
one commit.

Question: How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the
		history of files?

Git log tells you about the groups of changes which have taken place
together with an explanation of the change. While Git diff gives you
the details of the actual change.

Question: How might using version control make you more confident to 
		make changes that could break something?

If you know you can easily return all files back to a known working
checkpoint then you don't need to worry if you break something.

Question: Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want
		to try using Git for?

Ermmm... the rest of the course, but ultimately for the Android
coding course